fix: adds a short sha representation to modules list command pointing to the repo specific commit (#2870)
nf-core/tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Patch: handle file not found when it is an added file to a module ([#2771](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/2771))
- Handle symlinks when migrating pytest ([#2770](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/2770))
- Add `--profile` parameter to nf-test command ([#2767](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/2767))

> - Reduce the size of the sha representation in the `list` command and links to the specific commit ([#2870](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/2870))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce the sha length in the `nf-core modules list local` and add links to the specific commit ([#2870](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/2870))
- Add links the nf-core module page and to open the local file in VSCode for module lint results ([#2870](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/2870))
```
